well howdy there and I know the people
it's Bo again
so tonight we're going to talk about
what Senator Graham said and basically
what he said was the impeachment was
dead on arrival if they don't name the
whistleblower so he's trying to bully
them into doing that now what he
actually said here was I consider any
impeachment in the house that doesn't
allow us to know who the whistleblower
is to be invalid because without the
whistleblower complaint we wouldn't be
talking about any of this okay now first
I would say that this is somebody who
hasn't read the Constitution however
this is a senator he's read it or he
should have the house has sold power
over impeachment you the senator get to
conduct the trial and if the house and
peaches you are duty-bound to conduct a
trial it's not dead on arrival that
would be a violation of your oath I mean
when you really think about it you're
trying to bully when you really think
about it you're telling a group hey if
you don't do this favor for me I won't
do what I've promised kind of sounds
like what the president's getting
impeached for doesn't it there there's
no due process violation in any of this
now if he wants to stick to this line of
reasoning I will be eagerly awaiting his
legislation that he will have to
introduce that bans Crimestoppers
the organization that has resulted in
half a million arrests and the recovery
of four billion dollars worth of stolen
property I'm sure that same legislation
will also ban the federal government
from operating all of its anonymous tip
lines as well as state local agencies
because you know you can't have due
process it can't be fair if the initial
complaint came from somebody who is
anonymous it's not how this works
if the as evidence can be confirmed
through other means such as all the
testimony that is now on record you
don't need the whistleblower and you
know this whistleblowers and people who
like to remain anonymous do so because
they don't want to be smeared by an
attorney or some politician who has put
his party over his country and that's
the reason you want the name because you
want to make it about that person rather
than the president's actions you want to
attack the process because you can no
longer defend what the President did at
this point it certainly appears that
Senator Graham is willing to undermine
the Constitution and the role of law to
protect somebody he knows is guilty
that's what it seems like
and if he'll do that how come how come
how can we trust the Senate at all to do
anything it certainly appears that the
corruption that exists in the Trump
administration has now filtered in to
the Senate through the GOP because
they're engaging in the same type of
behavior and they're attempting to allow
this act to go unanswered simply because
it will hurt their re-election chances
senator I don't know about everybody but
failing to uphold your oath and your
duty and attempting to undermine the
Constitution through some rhetoric that
we all see through that's going to hurt
your re-election chances a whole lot
more then something simply saying yeah
Trump broke the law anyway it's just a
fault
y'all have a good night